Then we'll bring it all together with asynchronous JavaScript.
I heard a very thoughtful person once say that as humans,
it's hard for our minds to wrap around the idea of asynchronicity.
Well we'll take on that challenge and unlock
the hidden potential of asynchronous JavaScript.
We'll cover how to set up and dynamically access
Web API data and how to use the Fetch API to easily and
elegantly make HTTP GET and POST requests from
the client side code and seamlessly process that data from the server side code.
Now a great deal of what we'll cover in this course,
is made possible by the relatively new feature,
a promises made native in JavaScript.
We will rely heavily on promises through the Fetch API and you'll be able to
use the new elegant syntax to create seamless async web apps,
and if any or all of that sounds like nonsense to you now,
make sure you come back and watch this video after completing the course,
to see how wise and talented you've become.最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6